# Software-Test-Automation-and-QA

My experience in my software test and automation class has been one that will be memorable and extremely useful immediately in life. As a Business Intelligence Analyst, I currently rely on testing to ensure the reports that I am writing are accurate and useful. One of the main lessons I learned throughout this class is how important it is to thoroughly document requirements. With more complex programs with many files and lines, it gets hard to keep track of requirements. I learned this the hard way as I overlooked a requirement in one of my assignments. Documenting requirements and continuously referring back to those documents during development helped me not make that mistake again.

I think the documentation helps in my overall approach to designing software. By gathering requirements and thoroughly documenting them, I can develop pieces of the code and test in the process. This helps to ensure that relavent tests are not overlooked. The testing itself also helps to ensure all requirements are tested. The coverage tests are amazing at finding pieces that may not have been tested as thoroughly as needed. The JUnit tests are great tools to ensure that functions are working properly and returning expected results. By knowing how to properly implement these tools. you can make sure a program is functional and secure.

Ultimately, the testing done in this class were things that I may have already been doing though not as structured and thorough. I had been doing something similar to unit testing in my current position without knowing that was what I was doing and without knowing that there was a more organized, more official way of carrying out those tests. Moving forward, I can feel more confident in my approach toward gathering and documenting requirements, in developing programs, and in testing those programs.
